Added note about update URLs (#1151)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/per-machine-installation.md

- All Windows versions supported by the sync client. [Learn more](https://support.office.com/article/onedrive-system-requirements-cc0cb2b8-f446-445c-9b52-d3c2627d681e)
- Sync client build 19.043.0304.0006 or later. For info about which sync client build is available in each ring, see [New OneDrive sync client release notes](https://support.office.com/article/845dcf18-f921-435e-bf28-4e24b95e5fc0).

> - To apply sync client updates, computers in your organization must be able to reach the following: "oneclient.sfx.ms" and "g.live.com." Make sure you don't block these URLs. They are also used to enable and disable features and apply bug fixes. [More info about the URLs and IP address ranges used in Office 365](/office365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To apply sync client updates, computers in your organization must be able to reach "oneclient.sfx.ms" and "g.live.com". Make sure you don't block these URLs. They are also used to enable and disable features and apply bug fixes. See [More info about the URLs and IP address ranges used in Office 365](/office365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges) for more information.
```
